Once upon a time there was a people that foreign athletes mountain
because their first meeting at Tadoussac seemed to come down from
mountains even this nomad
which also means
nomad some poor families settling right in the center of the big
territory of quebec
we will wait for yann gaillard thousands of migratory caribou as
a big big tide
in addition to caribou
let us meet European as well as to pillage junior venus who were
armed ronan other dialects
several days
to arrive arrives explorer to traders
it aims to bring with the eu a culture and a religion we're going to have these
two peoples remains to a sick man and that one imagines to live with the
caribou until the day a prospector discover iron ore
the legend tells that traders
offer $ 700 to this family baud who lived on the deposit but there was
many fans to enlarge the territory of exploitation accompany it
promised the luxury of school homes and hospitals
they were guaranteed jobs on the condition that they settle where
are waiting for him about ten km west of Bengkulu on the island
then workers from all over the world portugal spain italy québec -
They arrived in this camp of rings to make that by building Châteauroux the
aids
but the villages of the agglo by chartering Christmas services
sans-zo current censeurs de sanitas sedentariness can not be learned in
walking around mazembe
we base them if another morning city ticks on the shores of the lake of waters
used to castle-richer factories or households so in houses in
row that compare it not found from the go of nowhere
shortly after the mining company led by stillborn bullets
it's the prime minister of canada close the mine
foreign workers are leaving the city dying since then
the story we tell recalls that of an artist who was born at the lake
charente and whose grandparents still nomadic then he is at the option of
caribou
back in his homeland anass with the intention of experimenting a
painting technique with natural elements on short
years of the mythical